10-10 Astro Release Notes (#2929)
astronomer/docs: astro/api-keys.md

description: Create Deployment API keys to make requests to Airflow's REST API and set up a CI/CD pipeline.
---

:::warning Deprecation Notice: Deployment API Keys 

> Deployment API keys are deprecated in favor of [Deployment API tokens](deployment-api-tokens.md). You can continue to use existing Deployment API keys for now, but you will have to complete a one-time migration to Deployment API tokens in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deployment API keys have been deprecated in favor of [Deployment API tokens](deployment-api-tokens.md). As of October 2023, you can continue to use existing Deployment API keys but you cannot create new API keys. You will have to convert existing API keys into Deployment API tokens in the future. The deadline for converting API keys has not yet been determined.

If you have any questions, contact [Astronomer Support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support).
```

- Check support link?
- Send this copy to team-product maybe?

Author: Nick F already referred me over to Ryan who has completed his reviews of these changes, and the support link is working for me! I'll share with Nick, but I feel ok about the reviews we've done so far. Thank you for your feedback, @paolaperaza!

> Deployment API keys are deprecated in favor of [Deployment API tokens](deployment-api-tokens.md). You can continue to use existing Deployment API keys for now, but you will have to complete a one-time migration to Deployment API tokens in the future.

Author: ```suggestion
Deployment API keys are deprecated in favor of [Deployment API tokens](deployment-api-tokens.md).
```

> Deployments with zero API keys do not appear in the **API Keys** tab and you can't create new Deployment API keys after October 31, 2023. If you want to continue using API keys before October 31, ensure that you always have at least one API key configured for the Deployment.

Reviewer 2: Some nuance to what will happen on the date:

```suggestion
After October 31, 2023, Deployments with zero API keys will no longer display the **API Keys** tab and you won't be able to create new Deployment API keys. If you want to continue using API keys after October 31, ensure that you always have at least one API key configured for the Deployment prior to October 31.
```

> After October 31, 2023, Deployments with zero API keys will no longer display the **API Keys** tab and you won't be able to create new Deployment API keys. If you want to continue using API keys after October 31, ensure that you always have at least one API key configured for the Deployment prior to October 31.

Reviewer: Whoops I just read this. I'll keep comment above but you can adjust 😅

> After October 31, 2023, Deployments with zero API keys will no longer display the **API Keys** tab and you won't be able to create new Deployment API keys. If you want to continue using API keys after October 31, ensure that you always have at least one API key configured for the Deployment prior to October 31.

Author: ```suggestion
You can continue to use existing Deployment API keys but you cannot create new API keys after October 31, 2023. After this date, Deployments with zero API keys will no longer display the **API Keys** tab and you won't be able to create new Deployment API keys. If you want to continue using API keys after October 31, ensure that you always have at least one API key configured for the Deployment prior to October 31.

You will have to convert existing API keys into Deployment API tokens in the future when API Keys are no longer supported, however, the deadline for converting API keys has not yet been determined.

If you have any questions, contact [Astronomer Support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support).
```
